hi to all and steve i hope you
go well today we will start
a new series devoted to the round
point where I should rather say to
gyratory
but you will understand why
just after then this series will be head
five videos
today is the next one that will be
devoted to investments the one after
which will be devoted to the control and
flashing the one after that will be
devoted to how to manage his
roundabout roundabout approach by
london and the last one will be a
live demonstration of more than we will have
from in the previous four videos
good so what am I getting ready for you
say today is not going to change
radically your life but it's good
to know it
so it's commonly called
roundabout in everyday life
is actually a roundabout you
exactly a roundabout with a roundabout
you have certainly
heard this word during your lessons
glue so I do not mean that the
roundabouts does not exist far from there
but they are much rarer ok
it's good it's not all that but then
what is the difference between the two
is the difference is done by the
priority rule
look
this is the first thing to know is
that in a roundabout where in a
roundabout the direction of circulation to
in the opposite direction of the
Clockwise
what makes that when you arrive in
their skin in the roundabout where he wants
pay attention to the people who arrive
on your left
so for the roundabout these are the ones that
the border that will yield the passage
those who are already inside the
roundabout have priority
whereas in the roundabout this is the
otherwise it is those who are
interior
hard to the point that they do not have the
priority and therefore have to yield the
priority to their right to what happens
in the roundabout
then there is a famous example in paris
of a mega roundabout called the
round point of the star I do not know if
you've heard about it but hey
for those who are not used it is
a little brothel especially he is
super the huge what then to conclude
this first part I would tell you
just that nine times out of ten it's
a roundabout they are scared to the point that
you are going to approach but in reality we
do not care a bit
no matter what name counts
really it's the way to approach it
according to the priority rule
Besides, I'm often mistaken
will say dots instead of roundabouts it
is asked is not so in the
next videos I make this mistake
So here I am giving you an appointment
in the next part where we go
study the investments in the roundabout
See you